Changelog - 5 May (#5900)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-changelog.md

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## May 5, 2023

#### Hedgehog toolbar

> ![toolbar](../images/blog/array/hedgehog_toolbar.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![toolbar](../images/blog/array/hedgehog_toolbar.gif)
```

We've updated the PostHog toolbar, which enables you to toggle feature flags, heatmaps and create actions right in your product, by taking some inspiration from [hedgehog mode](/blog/rome-hackathon#hedgehog-mode). Hit the '🦔' toggle to switch between the Classic and Hedgehog toolbars. Don't worry, you can still summon hedgehog mode separately from the the help menu.

#### Hats for hedgehogs

> ![toolbar](../images/blog/array/hats.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![toolbar](../images/blog/array/hats.gif)
```

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## May 5, 2023

#### Hedgehog toolbar
![toolbar](../images/blog/array/hedgehog_toolbar.gif)

We've updated the PostHog toolbar, which enables you to toggle feature flags, heatmaps and create actions right in your product, by taking some inspiration from [hedgehog mode](/blog/rome-hackathon#hedgehog-mode). Hit the '🦔' toggle to switch between the Classic and Hedgehog toolbars. Don't worry, you can still summon hedgehog mode separately from the the help menu.

#### Hats for hedgehogs
![toolbar](../images/blog/array/hats.gif)

The trickle of projects from [our offsite](/blog/aruba-hackathon) continues, with an update which improves hedgehog mode by giving Max a wealth of new clothes to try on. Why? Because! 

#### Override server side properties for feature flags
```js
posthog.setPersonPropertiesForFlags({'property1': 'value', property2: 'value2'})
```

> Sometimes, you may want to use leverage feature flags against new properties which haven't been ingested yet. Or, you may want to resolve flags immediately and without waiting for any ingestion. So, we've added the option to set properties a flag depends on with calls such as the one above. There are other options, so [check the docs for more info](/docs/libraries/js#overriding-server-properties). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may want to leverage feature flags against new properties that haven't been ingested yet, or resolve flags immediately without waiting for any ingestion. To enable this, we've added the option to set properties a flag depends on with calls such as the one above. There are other options, so [check the docs for more info](/docs/libraries/js#overriding-server-properties). 
```
